I've done mock claims before through some other training programs, but I think
FastTrack has,
it's really like a companion for when I'm out in the field, and I feel
pretty equipped to
kind of address whatever comes up. When I go out there, probably after a
hurricane, I'm going to be
dealing with a lot. I didn't want to bother my field support too much. If I'm
getting claims,
and I'm like, "Oh, I don't know what this is. I don't know what this is. I don
't know what this is."
You know? Having gone through the Fast Track program feels like I've got most of
my grounds
covered, especially the videos at the end where you're writing these estimates
for all the
components, like a roof repair, windows, and then creating those macros
. Just having that
framework, I think, is super helpful. When you're staring at a blank page, it's
much more intimidating
and harder to just get started. Then if you're like, "Okay, I know I'm dealing
with roofs,
so I'm just going to plug this macro in, see what I need, what I don't, and go
from there."
You know? I definitely recommend it. Probably the best training I've received
so far. The training
goes through policy, the diaries that we write, and talking to the insured, the
inspection, the
training just covers everything. When you see the price tag, you're like, "Okay
, this is a commitment."
But then once I started going through it, I was like, "Okay, this basically
covers everything I
wanted to cover and satisfies my expectations.